Course Management System User Manual
DATE: 22/12/2017
AUTHOR: Umut Yılmaz
VERSİON: 1.0.0
Content
Preface
This document was written for version 1.0.0 of the course management system. 
How Does Course Management System Run?
Firstly, open the file which is “main” and then run “main.exe” which is in the “…\main\main.exe”. After these steps program will execute.
Getting Started.
After the program opens you will see 3 separated part. The leftmost part gives general information about data. This information are generally semester names, course codes, section names, head of announcements and name of grades. The middle part gives specific information of selected data from leftmost part. The rightmost part gives weekly subject information of selected course from leftmost part.

Creating Semester
If the program is running first time you will see this.
After then you can create a new semester from the top label. Select “file” option and click 
“Create New Semester”. After click, a new pop up screen will be opened.
When you fill the boxes and click “add semester”, the semester name will be seen from leftmost part. If you double click on semester name you could be
able to see information about semester.If you right click on semester name you will be able to create course for semester which you clicked.In this menu you must add course name , course code , course book,course reference book and syllabus link after fill the all informations when you click on the add course,course will be added into database and you will be able to see this course under the semester which belongs it.If you want to see information about course just double click it and you will be able to see all information about it on the middle of the program.Each course may have several sections.When you right click on a course you will be able to create section.In section create menu you have to add section name , course hour and day after fill all information about section click "add section",the section name will be seen under the course menu.If you double click on the section you will be able to see information about section.When you right click on the course also you be able to add announcement and grade.In the grade menu you have to fill grade name and percentage and after you will be able to add grade for course.
